README.md, before:

## 🎨 Gatsby WordPress theme
[![Project Status: WIP – Initial development is in progress.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/wip.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#wip) [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

A Gatsby theme for WordPress, using Decoupled Architecture.
Front end in React.
Backend in WordPress.

## Maintainer

| Name                                                   | Github Username |
|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|
| [Imran Sayed](mailto:codeytek.academy@gmail.com)       |  @imranhsayed   |

## 🚀 Development

* Navigate into site’s directory.

```shell
npm install      # Run this for the first time.
npm run dev      # During development.
npm run build    # When ready for production.
```

* For Storybook
`npm run storybook`

## Usage

1. Clone the WordPress plugin [Headless CMS](https://github.com/imranhsayed/headless-cms) in your WordPress
plugin directory and activate it.

2. Clone and activate [wp-graphql](https://github.com/wp-graphql/wp-graphql) in WordPress plugin directory.

3. * Rename `.env-example` file to `.env` and add your WordPress SITE_URL in `site` directory : 
`SITE_URL=https://example.com`

4. - Set Header menu as `HCMS Header Menu`
   
   ![](demos/header-menu-demo.png)
   
   - Set Footer menu as `HCMS Footer Menu`
   ![](demos/footer-menu-demo.png)
   
5. You can also set text widgets in #HCMS Footer #1 and #HCMS Footer #2 under Appearance  > Widgets in WordPress.
    
**Open the source code and start editing!**

Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!

_Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._

### :package: Adding/Removing a new package to site folder

`yarn workspace site add package-name`
`yarn workspace site remove package-name`

### :package: Adding/Removing a new package to gatsby-wordpress-theme-phoenix folder

`yarn workspace gatsby-wordpress-theme-phoenix add package-name`
`yarn workspace gatsby-wordpress-theme-phoenix remove package-name`

## 🧐 What's inside?

A quick look at the top-level files and directories you'll see in a Gatsby project.

    .
    ├── node_modules
    ├── src
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── .prettierrc
    ├── gatsby-browser.js
    ├── gatsby-config.js
    ├── gatsby-node.js
    ├── gatsby-ssr.js
    ├── LICENSE
    ├── package-lock.json
    ├── package.json
    └── README.md

1.  **`/node_modules`**: This directory contains all of the modules of code that your project depends on (npm packages) are automatically installed.

2.  **`/src`**: This directory will contain all of the code related to what you will see on the front-end of your site (what you see in the browser) such as your site header or a page template. `src` is a convention for “source code”.

3.  **`.gitignore`**: This file tells git which files it should not track / not maintain a version history for.

4.  **`.prettierrc`**: This is a configuration file for [Prettier](https://prettier.io/). Prettier is a tool to help keep the formatting of your code consistent.

5.  **`gatsby-browser.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby browser APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/browser-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting the browser.

6.  **`gatsby-config.js`**: This is the main configuration file for a Gatsby site. This is where you can specify information about your site (metadata) like the site title and description, which Gatsby plugins you’d like to include, etc. (Check out the [config docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-config/) for more detail).

7.  **`gatsby-node.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby Node APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/node-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting pieces of the site build process.

8.  **`gatsby-ssr.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby server-side rendering APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/ssr-apis/) (if any). These allow customization of default Gatsby settings affecting server-side rendering.

9.  **`LICENSE`**: Gatsby is licensed under the MIT license.

10. **`package-lock.json`** (See `package.json` below, first). This is an automatically generated file based on the exact versions of your npm dependencies that were installed for your project. **(You won’t change this file directly).**

11. **`package.json`**: A manifest file for Node.js projects, which includes things like metadata (the project’s name, author, etc). This manifest is how npm knows which packages to install for your project.

12. **`README.md`**: A text file containing useful reference information about your project.

### Useful Links ###
1. [Setting workspaces with yarn](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/blog/2019-05-22-setting-up-yarn-workspaces-for-theme-development/) for theme development
2. [Installing a gatsby theme](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/themes/using-a-gatsby-theme/) and setting it up.

Commit message:

Add WordPress plugins in the plugins directory

README.md, after:

## 🎨 Gatsby WordPress theme
[![Project Status: WIP – Initial development is in progress.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/wip.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#wip) [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

A Gatsby theme for WordPress, using Decoupled Architecture.
Front end in React.
Backend in WordPress.

## Maintainer

| Name                                                   | Github Username |
|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|
| [Imran Sayed](mailto:codeytek.academy@gmail.com)       |  @imranhsayed   |

## 🚀 Development

* Navigate into site’s directory.

```shell
npm install      # Run this for the first time.
npm run dev      # During development.
npm run build    # When ready for production.
```

* For Storybook
`npm run storybook`

## Usage

1.Upload and activate all the plugins from wordpress/plugins folder of this repo, into your WordPress Site.

OR,

a.. Clone the WordPress plugin [Headless CMS](https://github.com/imranhsayed/headless-cms) in your WordPress
plugin directory and activate it.

b. Clone and activate [wp-graphql](https://github.com/wp-graphql/wp-graphql) -test on ( v0.8.3 ) in WordPress plugin directory.
c. Clone and activate [wp-graphiql](https://github.com/wp-graphql/wp-graphiql) in WordPress plugin directory.
d. Clone and activate [wp-graphql-acf](https://github.com/wp-graphql/wp-graphql-acf) in WordPress plugin directory.
e. Install and activate [ACF WordPress plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/advanced-custom-fields/) in the WordPress.

2. * Rename `.env-example` file to `.env` and add your WordPress SITE_URL in `site` directory : 
`SITE_URL=https://example.com`

3. - Set Header menu as `HCMS Header Menu`
   
   ![](demos/header-menu-demo.png)
   
   - Set Footer menu as `HCMS Footer Menu`
   ![](demos/footer-menu-demo.png)
   
4. You can also set text widgets in #HCMS Footer #1 and #HCMS Footer #2 under Appearance  > Widgets in WordPress.
    
**Open the source code and start editing!**

Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!

_Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._

### :package: Adding/Removing a new package to site folder

`yarn workspace site add package-name`
`yarn workspace site remove package-name`

### :package: Adding/Removing a new package to gatsby-wordpress-theme-phoenix folder

`yarn workspace gatsby-wordpress-theme-phoenix add package-name`
`yarn workspace gatsby-wordpress-theme-phoenix remove package-name`

## 🧐 What's inside?

A quick look at the top-level files and directories you'll see in a Gatsby project.

    .
    ├── node_modules
    ├── src
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── .prettierrc
    ├── gatsby-browser.js
    ├── gatsby-config.js
    ├── gatsby-node.js
    ├── gatsby-ssr.js
    ├── LICENSE
    ├── package-lock.json
    ├── package.json
    └── README.md

1.  **`/node_modules`**: This directory contains all of the modules of code that your project depends on (npm packages) are automatically installed.

2.  **`/src`**: This directory will contain all of the code related to what you will see on the front-end of your site (what you see in the browser) such as your site header or a page template. `src` is a convention for “source code”.

3.  **`.gitignore`**: This file tells git which files it should not track / not maintain a version history for.

4.  **`.prettierrc`**: This is a configuration file for [Prettier](https://prettier.io/). Prettier is a tool to help keep the formatting of your code consistent.

5.  **`gatsby-browser.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby browser APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/browser-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting the browser.

6.  **`gatsby-config.js`**: This is the main configuration file for a Gatsby site. This is where you can specify information about your site (metadata) like the site title and description, which Gatsby plugins you’d like to include, etc. (Check out the [config docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-config/) for more detail).

7.  **`gatsby-node.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby Node APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/node-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting pieces of the site build process.

8.  **`gatsby-ssr.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby server-side rendering APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/ssr-apis/) (if any). These allow customization of default Gatsby settings affecting server-side rendering.

9.  **`LICENSE`**: Gatsby is licensed under the MIT license.

10. **`package-lock.json`** (See `package.json` below, first). This is an automatically generated file based on the exact versions of your npm dependencies that were installed for your project. **(You won’t change this file directly).**

11. **`package.json`**: A manifest file for Node.js projects, which includes things like metadata (the project’s name, author, etc). This manifest is how npm knows which packages to install for your project.

12. **`README.md`**: A text file containing useful reference information about your project.

### Useful Links ###
1. [Setting workspaces with yarn](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/blog/2019-05-22-setting-up-yarn-workspaces-for-theme-development/) for theme development
2. [Installing a gatsby theme](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/themes/using-a-gatsby-theme/) and setting it up.
